Sept 1, 2024
------------------
Blacklist weaponSearch to the database is now functional. Whitelist and individual weapon weaponSearch will be easy to implement.

Next step though is to dress the page up better. I'd like to make the blacklist selections into something that looks like a
tabbed interface, where the whitelist and individual weapon weaponSearch can be alternate tabs, so that the user can only
choose one of the database weaponSearch options. Those tabs can just say "Coming soon!" until the whitelist and individual are
implemented.

I would also like to include a navigation bar at the top, where I can put an app title, my information (Github link,
Squidboards profile, personal website, Twitter???), and contact info (Github and maybe dev email).

Then I guess it can be taken online. Nevermind trying to literally set up a server in my basement, I'm also concerned
about database security. I'm not really in a place to set up cloud hosting, so I don't know where to start.

Edit: handle edge case where there are no valid weapons returned.

Sept 2, 2024
------------------
Tabs are now in the CSS - still need to address the functionality portion where being in one tab prevents information
from the other tabs from getting to the controller. This might not actually be a problem, but I haven't looked at it yet.

Sept 6, 2024
------------------
Whitelist search is functional now. Adding single weapon search has been tricker than I thought for reasons I don't
understand yet.

Sept 8, 2024
------------------
All searches are working now - single weapon search just required a bunch of conditionals in the querybuilder to form a
coherent query. Honestly, it looks pretty bad and overcomplicated, but it works for now so I can't ask for more. I've
added categorization to the layout of single weapon search, so next I'd like to add some collapsable tabs so the list
isn't twenty thousand miles long and screwing up the page layout.

Sept 9, 2024
------------------
Continuing to style. Collapsible tabs have been added to the single weapon search, and I finally got it locked so that
the content doesn't flow off the top of the screen. At this point, it's just colors, margins, and finding a sick button
for the generate weapon submission. I found a Splatoon font.

Sept 11, 2024
------------------
Main container styling is mostly done. Want to add a "check all" box to the single weapon selection for user convenience.
I still also want to add dynamic color changing for the splat images and I'd like make the checkboxes fancier, but that
is extra spice that is not necessary for launch. Next is adding the top nav bar.

I'm also reconsidering the whitelist search conditions. After stepping away from it and coming back to actually use it,
I think whitelist search needs to use AND logic, e.g. "Give me only shooters and rollers that have splat bombs as their
subs", instead of the OR logic of, "Give me all shooters and rollers and also any splat bomb weapons."

Sept 12, 2024
-----------------
Navbar is complete. Now I just need to add the Dev Notes page, and the site is complete enough to launch.

Oct. 14, 2024
-----------------
Spring Security should be implemented well enough to protect admin pages. Admin and login pages need styling and a
redirect from logout to the randomizer.